hey you to sell and I was going over do
for this video but I'm coming to give
you guys pretty much my update the t1
this hair when I love what I don't love
about this hair and apply recommended so
first off this is the univision natural
wave and this is five bundles and a 16
inch five by five closure my bundles
length are 18 20 22 24 and 26 agree no
like I said 16-inch 16-inch closure now
as far as shedding goes I don't really
hardly get any shedding with these hair
um you know maybe with the wash or
whatever but as far as shedding no
there's none I did still the West I use
the same deconditioning method that I've
been using for all of my hair um
tangling hair doesn't tangle at all
dryness the hair doesn't get try at all
so you can literally wet your hair and
don't put any product on your hair and
it won't get frizzy poofy dry agree or
any of that that's what I love about
this hair now I don't know if this may
be the deep conditioning method that I
use before I install this hair or why
but I've usually been told that with
curly hair you have to put something on
it to tame the frizziness and um like
that first they know maybe a couple of
days you might want to add a little she
or coconut milk or something to it when
you do wet it again but far as for me
you know um what else can I say um what
I love about this here is when it's wet
it the curl pattern is so beautiful like
I love when it's wet and um how I
achieved that still wet look is I use a
moose and my she oil and a little more
arkanoid and I apply my moves in my
Moroccan oil to the hair so that it
doesn't get hard enough if the Moroccan
or holds it in place and it keeps those
beautiful tight curls and I just used
you know I use my cheese especially for
the ends or just give it a little you
know touch up to the closure walk on
that the door this hair I love it more
than a Peruvian a lot of United husband
assuming that and I definitely recommend
this hair more than I recommend the
Peruvian oh wise because his hair is
definitely more lightweight than that
proving inherent to meet for me to have
five bundles in for this to be five
bundles and a closure I feel like my
peruvian hair was just a little bit more
heavy and may sound a little crazy but
that's just to me um what I love more
about this hair then the peruvian hair
is that it's so much more attainable to
me like the curl pattern doesn't really
disappear after you know days of this
being in its natural speed I don't
really have to twist this hair up for
this little keep it waves to be popping
so to me that's something I love about
this hair another thing that I
definitely love is um now humidity when
it comes to this hair it's about to rain
outside or it is you know humidity in
the air it definitely gets us who it's a
natural state so if it's straight if
you're wearing it straight that may
bother you a little bit because you made
bone straighter to me when you get
through humidity its kind of waved back
up that may be a problem but for me
nothing no problem I does something I
definitely love about the air now this
wave pattern compared to the Peruvian
wave pattern although they say they're
both natural wave the eurasian natural
way to me is just a more beautiful wave
like this is maybe 13 is old of me
plating but still to me this way pattern
is just it's just a little a little more
prettier then they're Peruvian natural
wave and this hair is definitely
definitely softer than Napoleon hair so
I definitely love that I use pretty much
the same products on the hair that I
used on approving in here instead of
deep conditioning his hair twice a week
because it's been a little over two
months so um well spitting as been
almost about three but what I do now is
just you know to condition it once a
week now and preferably I do my end but
I'll just love how soft this hair is
it's it's amazing and when key wet it is
definitely that compliment hair it's
bouncy is lightweight it moves you know
it moves me you so that's not going to
be a problem
can I say try to make sure I cover
everything my closure like i said this
as long as a little person one so this
is like one more closure looks like
after two months you can definitely see
that it's been pushed back so right one
you know did that or whatever the
closure pattern isn't as a wavy has the
hair but that's no problem because once
you put a little most of your photo when
it's wet and the wetness of it blends in
perfectly so yeah I love this hair this
is five bundles and a closure it's
extremely light lighter than peruvian
hair i overly recommend this hair i
recommend both hair don't get me wrong
on the eurasian hair I don't know how it
would blend in with natural hair texture
because this is a little more silkier
it's definitely a more silkier to me
than fool in so I'm I don't know how we
will blend in with natural hair because
i am wearing closures but i do hopefully
you know love this hair it's Peruvian
and eurasian it's like my topic region
is number one and perviness number two
those are two hairs that i'll definitely
be wearing if you want you know if you
want that full look alike my hair has a
has product on it to tame it it's
definitely way fuller than what you're
seeing on camera right now so if it
looks a little thin to be five almost
and me
that's a problem that i put on my hair
to keep it that wet look what it's
definitely Chloe you can't go wrong you
gotta sleep man you should be here you
Chevy with this hair okay this amazing
so i will definitely upload the video
tonight about what this hair wet so you
guys can see exactly what i mean about
it waves popping so facing comment rate
subscribe thanks for watching